-we can see that we have receive a notification with Alex's invitation.
 we accept it and our game begins.
 also, if you don't have any friends or you just want to play a quick game, click the new game button and the game will search for a random opponent to match you with.
 once the opponent is found you get another notification asking if you're ok with that player. Hit ok and start playing.
-the board is generated automatically and our units are then placed on the map.
 the heroes are selected randomly from your bought heroes.
 one player is assigned the left side of the map, and his characters get placed there, and the other player gets the left sid of the map as his territory.
 you can inmediately see which units are yours and which ones are your opponent's, because of the little blue and red icons.
 your units will always appear with the blue (ally) icon, and the other units will show the red (enemy) icon.
 your opponent, however, will see his units in blue and your units in red, so you'll never confuse your heores and the opponent's.
-for this presentation we've prepared a specific board.
 see, nice river, good mix of terrains and it looks like we're winning. This was automatically generated lie all maps.
-clicking or tapping somewhere on the board will select that square.
 you can see the terrain selected with it's properties; they are important for battles.
 if you select a square with a unit in it you'll see that unit's characteristics... examples.
 if that unit is one of yours, you'll get the game actions.
-move calculates the range of movement of that unit.
 different terrains are harder to cross than others (mountains, deserts...). River are impassable for ground units, flying unit can go anywhere.
 that button became the 'stay' button that goes back to the previous state.
 click anywhere in that blue area (not in another unit) and you've selected your move.
 don't worry, you can get back if you want to, this movement is not final.
-defend will finish that unit's move for this turn, and give it a small boost in defense for the next turn.
 that units gets greyed out to signify that it's inactive, it has already played.
-you can see that, between the red and blue icons, and your colored and greyed out units; you can get a good understanding of the state of the battle at first glance.
 this way you really don't need to remember where you left off. This is a very 'pick up and play' game where you'll play for a couple minutes at a time,
 so these visual features (?) make the game easier to understand and more fun for everyone.
-attack selects the area of attack of that unit from that position.
 each unit has a specific range (close, medium long-range).
 the attack button becomes the cancel button.
 when you click on an enemy unit, your unit will attack it.
 the damage is calculated based on your attack, the enemy's defense and the terrain's defense bonus.
 the enemy loses hp, and when it reaches 0, it dies and dissapears from the battlefield.
 that unit's move ends there and it gets greyed out as well (inactive).
-when all you units move it's your opponent's turn.
 you can't see each unit's move, only the final attacks or defends.
 when he finishes, it's your turn again.
-when the last unit dies, the game ends and you get a prompt.
 you accept and the board is removed from your games, so you can start a new one.
 even if you don't accept, the endgame rewards are distributed automatically.
-the winner gets more exp, rank up his/her mmr, gets some points (?), and maybe a level up.
 the loser gets some exp (to encourage people to finish games even if they're losing), loses mmr.
-only 5 games at a time, to keep the volume of traffic down and to not overcomplicate the UI.

